---
layout: post
title: "Deloitte"
sub_title: "Work Experience"
categories:
  - Work Experience
elements:
  - java
  - salesforce
  - cloud
  - analytics
  - mockito
  - visualization
last_modified_at: 2019-10-29T15:00:00-00:00
---

*Projects*

[ConnectMe](#connectme)

[Deloitte Developer Studio](#deloitte-developer-studio)

[Common Visualization Framework](#common-visualization-framework)

---

## ConnectMe

<span style="color:grey">Senior Technical Consultant &#8226; 2019-Febuary to 2016-November</span>

Lead developer of a scalable, flexible, cloud-based HRMS product that supports curated personas.

* Worked on multiple POCs that were incorporated into the product. Optimized the query execution. Optimized for high load as well. Set up the CI/CD pipeline. Developed customized workflows with approvals tasks.

* Worked on Webservices exposed as REST. Developed hybrid app as well and microservices to support large scale of notifications.

* Worked on AWS services that was used in product.

Technologies: `Salesforce`, `Java`, `Message Queue`, `Google Analytics`, `AWS`

---

## Deloitte Developer Studio

<span style="color:grey">Senior Technical Consultant &#8226; 2016-October to 2016-April</span>

Developed cloud based application to enable data scientists to import large data, ingest to a data lake, transform and visualize the data.

Technologies: `Tomcat`, `Spring Boot`, `Redis`, `MongoDB`

## Common Visualization Framework

<span style="color:grey">Senior Technical Consultant &#8226; 2016-March to 2015-November</span>

Built a common framework to visual data. Responsible for developing a library for rendering visualizations of the data using VEGA in Javascript.

Technologies: `Javascript`, `Browerify`, `Grunt`, `Vega`, `npm`
