---
layout: post
title: "Oracle"
sub_title: "Work Experience"
categories:
  - Work Experience
elements:
  - java
  - python
  - cloud
  - docker
  - swagger
  - mockito
  - monitoring
last_modified_at: 2019-10-29T15:00:00-00:00
---

*Projects*

[Oracle Cloud Infrastructure](#oracle-cloud-infrastructure)

[Cloud operation automation tool](#cloud-operation-automation-tool)

---

## Oracle Cloud Infrastructure

<span style="color:grey">Senior Member of Technical Staff &#8226; 2019-May to Current</span> 


Building functionality for core [Oracle cloud infrastructure platform](https://cloud.oracle.com/en_US/iaas "OCI"). This is the IAAS cloud offering by Oracle similar to AWS.

* Microservices based
* Large scale
* Truly distributed
* N-tier architecture
* Deeply nested hierarcy
* High level of Abstraction
* High impact

Features implemented -

1. Worked on scaling feature of OCI, which enables VM to be scaled-out or scaled-in, based on cookie-cutter sizes, like XS, S, M, L, XL. Also worked on bespoke scaling for VM that are custom sizes.

2. Built monitoring using [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/ "Prometheus") and [Grafana](https://grafana.com/ "Grafana")

Technologies: `java`, `python`, `gradle`, `swagger`, `mockito`, `docker`, `HK2`, `Unix shell`

## Cloud operation automation tool

<span style="color:grey">Senior Member of Technical Staff &#8226; 2019-March to 2019-May</span> 

Built and designed COATS.

Cloud operation is the umbrella term for all the activities required to make an application run on the cloud and make it available for its customer. 

People in cloud operations perform tasks like scale out, scale in, update, clone etc. These tasks update configuration in resources like properties, json, xml files, run shell commands to update OS environment settings, call REST APIs. 

These tasks needs to be validated. This validation activities are time consuming, repetitive, and prone to manual error. These validation are repeated across teams and across verticals and across companies. 

* This begs the question, can it be automated? Yes! Using COATS!
* COATS can be integrated into your CI/CD pipeline and can create reports on success or failure.

Supports following features:

1. Compare two resources.
2. Validate success/failure of shell commands.
3. Extract values of certain properties from one resource and compare them to values of different properties in another resource of same or different type.
4. Generate simplified or detailed logs.
5. Define custom behavior on different pre-defined error types like ‘FILE_NOT_FOUND’.

Technologies: `python`, `Unix shell`